get the perfect music starting up for
Jordan read the menu at the Chuchu how
many items we have 2 page menu where it
looks so those the food
and
how many items do we have on the front
of the menu German man we got 10 through
that many yeah
order that what are the options here
okay well we got the two to Burger we
got the two to double you got the veggie
burger
well maybe nine does that next took
there
you've got the half-pound hotdogs sloppy
joe grilled cheese egg salad sandwich
a BLT and a sick
basically the nine basic food groups for
teenagers right
well hey they got thinking is in a Texas
so yeah everything solid human needs to
live on
so can you see anything in here that
looks like it's changed since the 1950s
the ceiling tile
they probably replaced a few light bulbs
but you can see you can't see it there
you can see
there
and I'll personally took out the old
jukebox there
you see on every table
now they got a central stereo right here
on the train
so do you think the massive protest
effort to save the choo-choo were worth
it
Amane
go to a Johnny Rockets if you want to
know
Thanks
you know like I said you can go to with
Johnny Rockets and get that or you can
that's retro this is real real this is
real
every time that train goes by it's
grabbing my eyes every single time
that's really cool
something about the romance of the
creams in American life
what we need is one of those old like
1930s villains and like they'll only
make hi to the train tracks
a very small scale
you